Miss Chu Man, here I come.
HAS.
This person has clear eyes.
Looks childish.
Then it's easy to do.
Your Highness, you are late.
Leader Chu is my wife now.
Alright.
Bold
How dare you take revenge on me like this?
YES.
A prince cannot have two husbands for one woman.
Can't you think strongly?
Can't the King be reasonable?
That king killed you.
Turn Boss Chu into a Widow
Hey, hey, what the people below thought of you that day and the day after, I don't know.
What if the emperor knows?
So you name the price.
Royal family.
Why don't you fight me?
I lose.
He is a widow.
If I win, it's as if the King never came.
Win or lose
It doesn't take away from a good conversation to spread it around.
Better is better, but better is my decision.